Hello dear friends said
today I want but to show you how
you disassemble the starter of the kitchen
builds when something like that happened
This is often the case
here fray through the goal of
starter then be someday
can happen
the Irish are they ahead of who is from the
unscrewed darkly
announced here plays first removed
become
any decrease disk
then take this wheel out
here the two screws go
to take the starter motors
except
then you solve here
these many
this ring comes out of here above
the knot solved
she should seem like that out and about
Here you have to be careful that you can
Carefully this makes the mistake
He is relaxed when these mistakes
the one out jumps a huge problem
only these two ball bearings here
on the side and on the other side
is a header goal from the one against
On the other hand, it also turned out strictly
the express
we are only introduced to that
okay so now we have the start
disassembled and in another video
I'll show you together then